In Singapore, students like to find conducive environments to carry out activities such as studying or having project meetings. However, it is hard to find the right place which can encourage one to be productive at times. Also, for project meetings, it can be more challenging to find a convenient place for everyone as not everyone may stay at the same area. Current solutions today are mainly manually searching for such places on the Internet and then using navigation applications (e.g. Google Maps) to find their way to those places. This solution is time consuming and sometimes students might not be even able to find a place that suits their needs. 

StudyGoWhere aims to address the lack of easily accessible information of study areas available in Singapore and provide convenience for its users to find not only a study area but how to get to the place. It is a self-contained Android application created for the Data-Driven Smart Nation Competition launched by ZEA as part of Singapore’s Smart Nation movement. 

The competition requires us to make use of at least one government API. Hence, we decided to make use of Taxi Availability API and Weather Forecast API obtained from data.gov.sg for the application. As StudyGoWhere’s intended users mainly students who most of them do not have the capability of owning a car, transportation and weather conditions can be a concern for them when travelling from one place to another. With this data incorporated as one of StudyGoWhere’s features, it brings convenience for them when checking whether it is feasible to go to a certain study area. 

The study areas in StudyGoWhere are Singapore libraries, community clubs, cafes and post-secondary educational institutions and universities. StudyGoWhere retrieves libraries and community clubs GeoJSON data from data.gov. While other study areas are obtained from other ways such as Kaggle.com. 

Google Maps API is also implemented to obtain an interactive map for the application and directions for navigation features of the application. 
